Nintendo Wii Component Cables: Impressions
Published on February 01, 2007.
After getting my Wii, I immediately noticed that the cables that came with it were only the normal RCA crap ones.
I have an HD capable TV, so I was pretty peeved.
I went to Play-Asia.com and ordered the cheapest component cables .
I ordered ‘em on the 23rd and they came on the 31st, so it took about a week.
So far, I’m fairly impressed.
After switching the Wii from 480i to 480p, the difference is pretty noticeable.
Before, I could see the picture getting blurry where the cursor was moving.
It was kinda weird.
With the component cables, that doesn’t happen anymore.
I tried playing Zelda: Twilight Princess.
There’s a huge difference with the cables.
Before it was super blurry, and now it’s somewhat jaggy.
Sure, the antialiasing could use work, but it still looks 100% better.
If you have a Wii and a TV that takes component input, you MUST get cables.
These ones were like $13, shipping included.